# Reflection Post

After having the chance to work with both GitHub Pages and PSU WordPress: I would say that there are a few different areas in both sites that might pose as a challenge for beginners. The challenges that I came across in GitHub was the use of the terminal to upload images. For a beginner remembering the commands and the different shortcuts may be a difficult task for some students. The terminal requires you to precisely type out what you would like the computer to do locally to upload your images within GitHub. The second challenge that I came across in GitHub was, making sure that you had the proper folders and markdown files within the ‘docs’ section of your repository. This at first posed as my first big hiccup, as I had made an ‘image’ directory outside of my ‘docs’ directory causing me to not be able to display my images. Those were the main challenges that I had encountered while working with GitHub Pages. I believe that out of the two different sites that PSU WordPress was the easiest and gave me the least issues. However, there was one issue that grinded me to a halt in WordPress and it might pose as an issue other peers. The issue that I had was not hitting the ‘update’ button to save that changes that I had made to my site. I accidentally clicked on ‘view my site’ and in doing so it deleted all of my work that had not been updated. This was very unfortunate but, if you remember to be mindful, this is an easy problem to avoid. The biggest advantage that WordPress has over GitHub pages is the use of spellcheck. GitHub Pages does not have a spell check; therefore, it is not case sensitive. On the other hand, PSU WordPress is case sensitive. 
The biggest advantage that GitHub Pages has over PSU WordPress is the ability to be more hands on and more customizable. PSU Word press does not allow you to use markdown syntax or html coding. GitHub allows you to have more control over how things will be handled and portrayed on your website. They allow you to make it 100% customizable in what you want to do. PSU WordPress only allows you to do fill in the areas provided for you. I feel as if I have the concept of PSU WordPress down fairly well, however, I would like to become better at working with what is in front of me. Because it is not as hands on you sometimes can only work with what a site is providing you with. When it comes to GitHub Pages, I believe that with more repetitious work, I will be able to clearly understand more about markdown and its quick syntax. I also would like to improve upon my skills in html and working with the terminal commands. I really enjoyed working with these two different sites for my AllAboutAnthony Website!

# [Home](index.md)
